Add a section from management console to sample apps and back. (#58)
GoogleCloudPlatform/spinnaker-for-gcp: samples/helloworldwebapp/install_helloworld_webapp.md

```bash
~/spinnaker-for-gcp/samples/helloworldwebapp/cleanup_app_and_pipelines.sh && cd ~/spinnaker-for-gcp
```

### Return to Spinnaker console

> Run this command to return to the management console instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this command to return to the management environment:
```

Author: Done
